---
title: "Friday after Easter Orthodox Good Friday" # Title with escaped quotes
date: 2025-04-18T00:00:00+00:00 # Use-MM-DDTHH:MM format
slug: 2025-04-18 # Clean URL using only date
layout: "days/single" # Specify the layout for these pages
draft: false # Set to true to hide the page
---

### Collect

**Almighty God**, who hast given us thy only-begotten Son to take our nature upon him, and as at this time to be born of a pure Virgin: Grant that we being regenerate, and made thy children by adoption and grace, may daily be renewed by thy Holy Spirit; through the same our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. **Amen**.


### Hymn

None ever knew such pain before,
such infinite affliction,
None ever felt a grief like His In the Dread Crucifixion.
For us He bare those bitter throes,
In oft-renewed affliction.
[Latin Hymn]


### THE GOSPEL.  S. John 18. 33.

THEN Pilate entered into the judgement-hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?  Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?  Pilate answered, Am I a Jew?  Thine own nation and the chidf priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?  Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now my kingdom is not from hence.  Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then?  Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king: to this end was I born and came into the world, that I should witness to the truth: every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.  Pilate saith unto him, What is truth?